In the previous lesson we saw how we can get the questions how we can put them in h t m l and now it's
time to ask and build out the buttons and then we can attach the scoring and complete our application.
So this is working properly.
We see we're getting all of this information being returned.
We've got correct answer.
We've got incorrect answers so we can basically build out an array with correct and incorrect answers.
And that way we can build the buttons.
We have enough content to build out those buttons.
So we are missing one thing and that's an output area in our HD M-L to load our button content.
So I'm going to create that now so select and we'll just call it select answers
and we'll leave that blank.
So let's go into our H.T. Amelle Let's go into our javascript and build the set.
So last time we left off building out our H.T. a mail object.
So now we're ready to update that and we can leave that in the next part of it is to build out a function
that's actually going to add and build buttons.
So let's set that up.
So we'll call it question builder and we'll take in a few parameters we'll get the correct and incorrect
values.
So it's going to be passed into there and then over here we just need to simply output that.
So let's do a question.
Builder and passing that information.
So we've got it within an object format.
We've got the correct answer.
Underscore answer.
And then we also have an array of incorrect answers and this one is answers so it's plural and we need
to attach that object to it as well.
So we go through object incorrect answers.
And this is where we're going to build out the question because we need to attach event listeners to
this.
So we can't do it in a simple to M-L because it doesn't always work great.
And then we'd have to run and loop through and add all of our listeners.
That doesn't always work really well.
We have to build out those elements within javascript and loop through them.
So now that we're getting this information passed in let's create an array we'll just call it Holder
and this survey is going to get the incorrect values.
And for now let's just console log out that Holder array and this is what we're actually going to work
with.
So let's refresh and see how Sierre check out our progress.
So click the button and we build out an array.
So right now these are all true or false.
And we'll get rid of the boolean value type so you can also specify that within the object so they could
be true or false or they could be multiple choice.
So it actually doesn't matter because either way we can build out there.
And notice that we do have one thing missing in the array and that's the correct answer.
So let's add that one and we can really easily add that in with javascript's So we've got holder using
push.
And then here is where we specify that correct answer.
So we'll add that one in.
So click.
So there we go.
So we've got the correct answer.
Add it in along with the incorrect answers.
And now let's sort that array.
So you can also add in
an array shuffle or something like that as well.
So for now we're going to keep it really simple we're just going to sort the array.
So the correct answer always isn't the last one because in this case it is.
So we don't want that to happen.
We want to have a little bit of a randomising and make it a little bit harder for users to guess.
So what it's going to do now it's just going to sort it in alphabetical order.
So just to keep things simple and of course you can add that in functionality and at a later point to
randomize the order of the array.
So let's try that out now.
So refresh.
So this time the correct answer shouldn't always be at the end.
In that case it was this case.
Correct answer is the third one.
So that's great.
So next we're ready to actually to add this into our H.T. amount.
So let's create an object in order to hold that element data.
So a get element by id and the name of the elements was what answer.
So grab that there just to make sure that we are grabbing the right one.
And it was select answers.
So it's always good to double check those element names.
And what we want to do first off is we want to clear that out.
So let's set that in or h t m l and we'll just set it to blank to clear it out to empty it.
And I know we don't have anything in there but we are going to be adding all of the buttons and we don't
want the buttons to continuously build up there so we want to clear that out when we get the opportunity.
So the thing that we need to add in here as well is we want to add in a function that's going to fire
off whenever the user clicks one of these buttons and it's going to send the answer or check the answer.
And we're going to grab the information set it up as an attribute.
So for now let's just log out that event.
Target and this and Javascript will simply because we're adding an event listener to these elements
we can use event target to grab whatever element initiated that event.
We're not having any problems there's no issues.
So we're ready to go on to the next lesson.
So add this into your application using your editor.
And next lesson we're going to create that dynamically create the buttons with the answers that the
user can select.
So that's coming up.